the big difference between work and private sector in like say he's working
in the military would be the the four one the temple to the stress
level and three it's kind of tough to explain but they're they're
in the military you you're always underlying the watchful eye of
something that's I think that's the big thing it's like you're you're
always under the mac the microscope when you're in the military so
everything that you say you do your band by scrutinize for your mail
watch for say for example incident happens out in town and I'm in
my uniform the difference between me and you been in that SO that as
a civilian between and now you know in my uniform it's looked at as
he naval officer did X. Y. Z. but if I was as a civilian it'll just
be J. D. V. this you know you represent a larger group of people a
larger organization and I think that plays a big part into a person's
like day to day operations as far as the difference but also you get
the you know there's like a a different since by guess you could
say freedom as a civilian as opposed to being in the military because
everyday out thing I like a I'll be I don't I won't be I won't be
anywhere permanently so this is temporary for me so I always have to
go back to see I'll always be moving so those just a few things that
play into you know the difference is I guess